[GitHub Packages registry] "Using a package" with Apache Maven and Gradle registries (#7143)
github/docs: content/packages/working-with-a-github-packages-registry/working-with-the-gradle-registry.md

   $ gradle publish
  ```

### Using a package

> You can use a package by adding the package as a dependency and the repository to your project. For more information, see "[Declaring dependencies](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_dependencies.html)" in the Gradle documentation.

Reviewer: What do you think of this wording change? Also, should we say that the package must be available on GitHub Packages?

```suggestion
To use a package from {% data variables.product.prodname_registry %} without installing the package, add the package as a dependency and add the repository to your project. For more information, see "[Declaring dependencies](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/declaring_dependencies.html)" in the Gradle documentation.
```

Author: I love it, thanks! And good question! I'm going to add a clarification. Please, let me know your feedback.

{% data reusables.package_registry.authenticate-step %}
2. Add the package dependencies to your *build.gradle* file (Gradle Groovy) or *build.gradle.kts* file (Kotlin DSL) file.

  Example using Gradle Groovy:
  ```shell
  dependencies {
      implementation 'com.example:package'
  }
  ```
  Example using Kotlin DSL:
  ```shell
  dependencies {
      implementation("com.example:package")
  }

>   ```

Author: Good point, thanks! I'm going to fix it :raised_hands:
